README.md, before:

# Chatbot Application

the project includes a chatbot run using Node.js.
It is the details of the necessary information to make the operation more accessible for the users to understand.

### Prerequisites

To be able to run the application, meet the following prerequisites:

- Make sure Node.js is installed. Visit [Node.js website](https://nodejs.org/) for more information.

### Setup

1. Clone this project to your local machine:
     git clone https://github.com/TalipOrdu/ChatBot_App
2. Go to the project directory:
     cd Path/PROJECT_NAME
3. Required packages downloads to install the following:
    npm install
4. Start the run by running the following segment:
     node index.js
This will run the chatbot run on the console.

##Note
You can run the application on a different port, you can edit the port number in the index.js output.
const port = 8080; // determines the port number you want to use here

Open your browser and go to http://localhost:8080/. If you have run the application on this URL, you can access the chatbot from your browser.

##Contact
If you have any questions, suggestions, or feedback, please get in touch with us at ordu.talip007@gmail.com or open an issue on GitHub.

![result2](https://github.com/TalipOrdu/ChatBot_App/assets/80225142/0d2a3158-a595-4dcf-b3ca-aad24965e2a3)

Commit message:

this is end point yasmoto1995

README.md, after:

# Chatbot Application

the project includes a chatbot run using Node.js.
It is the details of the necessary information to make the operation more accessible for the users to understand.

### Prerequisites

To be able to run the application, meet the following prerequisites:

- Make sure Node.js is installed. Visit [Node.js website](https://nodejs.org/) for more information.

### Setup

1. Clone this project to your local machine:
     git clone https://github.com/yasmoto1995/ChatBot_App
2. Go to the project directory:
     cd Path/PROJECT_NAME
3. Required packages downloads to install the following:
    npm install
4. Start the run by running the following segment:
     node index.js
This will run the chatbot run on the console.

##Note
You can run the application on a different port, you can edit the port number in the index.js output.
const port = 8080; // determines the port number you want to use here
This bot is very simple. don't learn.
This version 1.0. I will update in the future.

Open your browser and go to http://localhost:8080/. If you have run the application on this URL, you can access the chatbot from your browser.

##Contact
If you have any questions, suggestions, or feedback, please get in touch with us at ordu.talip007@gmail.com or open an issue on GitHub.

![result2](https://github.com/yasmoto1995/ChatBot_App/assets/80225142/0d2a3158-a595-4dcf-b3ca-aad24965e2a3)
